
Security and privacy are at the heart of what we do. Accordingly, we think it’s important to be transparent about what we do with your information and how we handle it.  This Privacy Policy describes how we process and handle data provided to us in connection with your use of our products, services, apps, and websites that link to this policy (we refer to these collectively as our “services”).


This policy uses the term “personal data” to refer to information that is related to an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law.


This policy covers the data processing practices of karing


In this policy, “we,” “us,” and “our” refers to the particular company from the list above that provides you with the services and is responsible for handling your data in accordance with this policy. For mobile apps, you can identify which company this is by looking at which company is listed as offering the app on the download page for that app or reviewing its terms of service. 


1. What information do we collect about you?
 
This section describes the various types of information we collect from and about you. This information is not collected in all situations, but only in specific situations. To understand the context in which collection occurs, see Section 2 .

 
1.1. Information collected when you use our services
 
●      Our App information. We collect app information. For example,  we may collect app versions, app modules etc.

●      Device information. We collect information from and about the device you use to access our services. For example, we may collect operating system type, operating system versions, mobile, wireless, and other network information.

●      Crash or Exception information. We may collect relevant information when crashes or exceptions occur (such as stack traces, exception error messages, etc.). 




2. How do we use your information?

We use the information we collect for various purposes described below.

●      To provide, maintain, troubleshoot, and support our services.

●      To improve our services. We want to offer you the best services and user experiences we can, so we have a legitimate interest in continually improving and optimizing our services. To do so, we use your information to understand how users interact with our services.




3. We will not share the collected information with any third parties. We will not sell the collected information.
 

4. Privacy Policy Updates

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in accordance with this section for reasons such as changes in laws, industry standards, and business practices.